the balustrade is a decorative element that distinguishes and differentiates
one home from another one environment there was another
decorative element in interiors and exteriors
balustrade the synonym of elegance and good taste
at the culmination
of a construction
in front of the coldness of the materials to the use
the soft and delicate line of palau street
architectural figure and basic element of decoration
prepared the necessary supplies
we will have a base liza
marble stone a wall
this base can be simple or double
today even
combine the two existing profile models
all this depending on the height we want to achieve
the prepared list base can be ret
uropa hoben staircase
The assembly system with sprinters allows us to use it in the different
cases
protect the palau estre
thus avoiding any damage that may arise in the same reason
of transportation or inadequate handling
has led us to design and make a wrap capable of alleviating these
eventualities
the simplicity in the shedding of the envelope
is part of the preparation of the material
the sprinter is a light plate of plastic material especially
designed for the rapid assembly of balustrades
our sprinter
Guaranteed through its anchoring system
a millimeter placement of the val to you
as well as its compaction
shortly before this technique
with a huge saving of time and costs in the placement of the same
spectacular and has measures of 27 by 14 by 0 2 centimeters
in the center it has a square body of 10 by 10
to have contact with the upper part of the palau
underneath it has a frame centered with the previous hole
of 12 by 12
which is the measure that also have the basis of the bar to you
so that the bar parts to you
fit perfectly in the frame
in the extremes
to one side of holes aligned three to three
and at a distance of one centimeter
that will allow us
Crimp these holes with the pivots provided by the silver at the other end
also of three units
yes when fitting a sound piece
we do it to the widest extent we have arranged 4 bullet a stress for
subway
and if we do it in the shortest we will have five units per metro line
we can also link some pieces with others
seeing the holes on one side and the pivots on the other diagonally
we will get a curve that will be deeper or not
depending on the inclination
with what to deny that we have the pieces
this element also has four holes
in planes perpendicular to the square
Parallel 2 to 2
whose purpose
is received and hold the two steel rods that come under pressure
and that once placed
you will not be able to move from your accommodation
the sprinter also arranges the bodies for concentric
curved rods in circular
5th that lateral
although the profile goes its site by its own weight
and be fixed without further
in its final place
prepare the base
we will present the first for you
will be linked to the couple or column
without mentioning it we will make the holes
we see with the sprinter
goalkeepers who will receive later
the steel rods
the anchoring of sprinters is a simple operation
linked one after another will form a chain
that will have to have the same length as the balustrade that we are going to place
Each sprinter will receive a bar to you so in the assembly of the
chain
we will have considered if we want 4
infobal to you by meter
or to an amount that intermediate
based on this data
we will have made the separations in the assembly of the chain
With this mounting system you can save half the time of
placement or what is the same
place double balustrade or more
in the same amount of time
mounted the chain will be placed on the base
we will make a mark in the lateral gulf of the sprinter
It will indicate where caravan us3 should be located
one by one we will place the balusters in the fine mortar that we have gone
depositing next to the brands
we observe
that there is no alignment between the balusters since we have not taken
no measure for its placement
the placement of steel rods on the sprinter chain
will subject the balusters to definitively align and compact
place the row we will be making fit the head of each of the
three bullets in the body of the sprinter
we will check then that these are perfectly aligned horizontally
and plumb perpendicular to the base
the piece and aligned and with the rods located
It will be covered with a mixture of cement and cement glue
that will serve to receive the rail profile
and that he himself was firmly subject
another of the important properties of the sprinter
is that its integral design
enable the handrail
access the right site by its own weight
matching the outer curve of the sprinter
with the lower curve of the profile
the clipping of the leftover elements will put an end to a work
that undoubtedly dignify someone to say where he is located
this company
received in the year 1993
the gold medal in brussels
in the world exhibition of invention industrial research and innovation
improve day by day is our commitment
a daily cry for our company